com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/Activities/FinalizarInspecaoActivity.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.FinalizarInspecaoActivity
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.FinalizarInspecaoActivity$1
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.FinalizarInspecaoActivity$2
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.FinalizarInspecaoActivity$2$1
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.FinalizarInspecaoActivity$2$2
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.FinalizarInspecaoActivity$3
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.FinalizarInspecaoActivity$4
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.FinalizarInspecaoActivity$4$1
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.FinalizarInspecaoActivity$5
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.FinalizarInspecaoActivity$6
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.FinalizarInspecaoActivity$7
com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/server/MyService.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.server.MyService
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.server.MyService$1
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.server.MyService$2
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.server.MyService$2$1
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.server.MyService$3
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.server.MyService$4
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.server.MyService$5
com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/models/InspecaoOnGoing.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.models.InspecaoOnGoing
com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/server/RetrofitClient.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.server.RetrofitClient
com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/Activities/AdicionarCasoActivity.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$1
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$10
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$11
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$12
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$13
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$14
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$15
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$16
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$17
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$18
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$19
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$2
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$20
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$21
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$22
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$23
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$24
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$3
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$4
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$5
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$6
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$7
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$8
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.AdicionarCasoActivity$9
com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.BuildConfig
com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/models/IsDataSynced.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.models.IsDataSynced
com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/Activities/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.HomeActivity
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.HomeActivity$1
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.HomeActivity$2
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.HomeActivity$2$1
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.HomeActivity$3
com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/Activities/ConfirmaObraActivity.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.ConfirmaObraActivity
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.ConfirmaObraActivity$1
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.ConfirmaObraActivity$2
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.ConfirmaObraActivity$2$1
com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/server/BaseDadosLocal.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.server.BaseDadosLocal
com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/models/DeleteCasosSynced.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.models.DeleteCasosSynced
com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/models/Obra.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.models.Obra
com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/models/CustomAdapter.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.models.CustomAdapter
com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/server/Api.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.server.Api
com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/models/Fotografia.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.models.Fotografia
com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/models/UserLogged.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.models.UserLogged
com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/models/Caso.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.models.Caso
com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/Activities/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.LoginActivity
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.LoginActivity$1$1
com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/Activities/QrCodeReaderActivity.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.QrCodeReaderActivity
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.QrCodeReaderActivity$1
com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/models/Cliente.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.models.Cliente
com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/models/RegistoHoras.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.models.RegistoHoras
com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/Activities/CasoViewActivity.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.CasoViewActivity
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.CasoViewActivity$1
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.CasoViewActivity$2
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.CasoViewActivity$3
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.CasoViewActivity$3$1
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.CasoViewActivity$4
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.CasoViewActivity$5
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.CasoViewActivity$6
com/example/projetopdmgrupo3/Activities/InspecaoHomeActivity.java
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.InspecaoHomeActivity
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.InspecaoHomeActivity$1
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.InspecaoHomeActivity$2
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.InspecaoHomeActivity$3
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.InspecaoHomeActivity$4
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.InspecaoHomeActivity$5
 com.example.projetopdmgrupo3.Activities.InspecaoHomeActivity$6
